docs: Update Create Compound Component docs (#1048)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/CREATING_COMPOUND_COMPONENTS.mdx

```tsx
// Disclosure.tsx
import React from 'react';

import {DisclosureTarget} from './DisclosureTarget';
import {DisclosureContent} from './DisclosureContent';

import {DisclosureConfig, DisclosureModel, useDisclosureModel} from './useDisclosureModel';

export interface DisclosureProps extends DisclosureConfig {
  children: React.ReactNode;
}

export const DisclosureModelContext = React.createContext({} as DisclosureModel);

export const Disclosure = ({children, ...config}: DisclosureProps) => {
  const model = useDisclosureModel(config);

  return (
    <DisclosureModelContext.Provider value={model}>{children}</DisclosureModelContext.Provider>
  );
};

Disclosure.Target = DisclosureTarget;
Disclosure.Content = DisclosureContent;
```

> We can see that the `DisclosureProps` interface extends the `DisclosureConfig` interface. This allows us to pass model config directly to the `<Disclosure>` component. A user of this `<Disclosure>` component might want to register a callback when the `open` event is called, for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can see that the `DisclosureProps` interface extends the `DisclosureConfig` interface. This allows us to pass model config directly to the `<Disclosure>` component. A user of this `<Disclosure>` component might want to register a callback when the `show` event is called, for instance.
```

```tsx
// DisclosureTarget.tsx
import React from 'react';
import {DisclosureModelContext} from './Disclosure';

export interface DisclosureTargetProps {
  children: React.ReactNode;
}

export const DisclosureTarget = ({children}: DisclosureTargetProps) => {
  const model = React.useContext(DisclosureModelContext);

  return (
    <button
      onClick={() => {
        if (model.state.visible) {
          model.events.hide();
        } else {
          model.events.show();
        }
      }}
    >
      {children}
    </button>
  );
};
```

> The `DisclosureTarget` component is in charge of the toggle button and it calls the `open` or `close` event on the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DisclosureTarget` component is in charge of the toggle button and it calls the `show` or `hide` event on the model.
```
